driving north on US Highway 191 from
Stafford to alpine with the peeling
chilo mountain range in the background
and we're passing now through the Black
Hills of the Pelin show up where we
arrived at Clifton Arizona the wild
mountain goats in the middle of the road
now we're in Marin C and we're getting
to a place where we can view the open
pit mines at Marin see the largest open
pit mines in the world can you run for a
rig in the view area
just past the Morenci mine overlook
starts the Coronado trail Scenic Byway
which is 123 miles long with 460 curves
RV size should not exceed 16 feet in
total length
here you see our rig which is a total
length of 43 feet and shortly up the
drive you come to the chase Creek
overlook we recommend you stop here and
take in the views just getting started
up the byway you look back you can see
the sort of mouse room that you came up
you're not hindering the Apache National
Forest
and almost as soon as we got into the
Apache on the byway we ran into what I
believe our mule deer
it's like mommy and the little one
views from the blue Vista overlook you
can kind of see why it got the name blue
you
here we have the Hannegan metal lodge
along the byway great for lunch dinner
breakfast or a nice place to stay and
also the views from the lodge of the
meadow are quite gorgeous byway is
considered to be the least Travel
Federal Highway in the country it was
built in 1926 and it was America's first
highway built with federal aid inside
the lodge we found a sign indicating
what 191 in Arizona used to be u.s. 666
the draw
from Safford Arizona to alpine Arizona
isn't that far but you go from sizzling
desert to blessed cool mountains and
from straight high speed roads to a road
of many curves it's an adventure to
remember
you